[Music]
sooner or later the humans are going to
find us up here you should have known
this day was coming
are we supposed to follow our king and
remain in silent disease
we need to go to earth now we've been
hiding here too long let's go to a
rightful home
if we were on earth we would have a
glorious planet to live on
rival you're talking about the train
door brother you're talking about
freezin you're blind to his intentions
right or wrong he's dangerous
what I'm talking about is freedom
freedom through all in humans are you
going to use your voice and kill your
only brother
[Music]
he will not let anyone for anything stop
us we will create our destiny
nothing can keep us we'll be increased
[Music]
well